test/__snapshots__/bin.snap.md, before:

# ::bin

```out exit-with-a-zero-code-using---help
sevm <cmd> <contract>

Commands:
  sevm metadata <contract>   Shows the Metadata of the contract[1]
  sevm abi <contract>        Shows the ABI of the contract[2]
  sevm selectors <contract>  Shows the function selectors of the contract[3]
  sevm dis <contract>        Disassemble the bytecode into Opcodes
  sevm cfg <contract>        Writes the cfg of the selected function in `dot` fo
                             rmat into standard output
  sevm sol <contract>        Decompile the contract into Solidity-like source
  sevm yul <contract>        Decompile the contract into Yul-like source[4]
  sevm config                Shows cache path used to store downloaded bytecode

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --color    Display with colors, use `--no-color` to deactivate colors
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]

Examples:
  sevm abi 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb299  shows the ABI of the ENS registry co
  7BA6C7d2e1e                               ntract
  sevm decompile 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0  decompiles the ENS registry contract
  dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e

[1] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/metadata.html for more informati
on regarding Metadata generated by the Solidity compiler.
[2] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#abi-json for more
information regarding the ABI specification.
[3] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#function-selector
for more information regarding Function Selectors
[4] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html for more information re
garding Yul.

```

```err exit-with-non-zero-code-on-unknown-flag
sevm <cmd> <contract>

Commands:
  sevm metadata <contract>   Shows the Metadata of the contract[1]
  sevm abi <contract>        Shows the ABI of the contract[2]
  sevm selectors <contract>  Shows the function selectors of the contract[3]
  sevm dis <contract>        Disassemble the bytecode into Opcodes
  sevm cfg <contract>        Writes the cfg of the selected function in `dot` fo
                             rmat into standard output
  sevm sol <contract>        Decompile the contract into Solidity-like source
  sevm yul <contract>        Decompile the contract into Yul-like source[4]
  sevm config                Shows cache path used to store downloaded bytecode

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --color    Display with colors, use `--no-color` to deactivate colors
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]

Examples:
  sevm abi 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb299  shows the ABI of the ENS registry co
  7BA6C7d2e1e                               ntract
  sevm decompile 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0  decompiles the ENS registry contract
  dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e

[1] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/metadata.html for more informati
on regarding Metadata generated by the Solidity compiler.
[2] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#abi-json for more
information regarding the ABI specification.
[3] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#function-selector
for more information regarding Function Selectors
[4] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html for more information re
garding Yul.

At least one command must be specified

```

```err exit-with-non-zero-code-on-unknown-command
sevm <cmd> <contract>

Commands:
  sevm metadata <contract>   Shows the Metadata of the contract[1]
  sevm abi <contract>        Shows the ABI of the contract[2]
  sevm selectors <contract>  Shows the function selectors of the contract[3]
  sevm dis <contract>        Disassemble the bytecode into Opcodes
  sevm cfg <contract>        Writes the cfg of the selected function in `dot` fo
                             rmat into standard output
  sevm sol <contract>        Decompile the contract into Solidity-like source
  sevm yul <contract>        Decompile the contract into Yul-like source[4]
  sevm config                Shows cache path used to store downloaded bytecode

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --color    Display with colors, use `--no-color` to deactivate colors
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]

Examples:
  sevm abi 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb299  shows the ABI of the ENS registry co
  7BA6C7d2e1e                               ntract
  sevm decompile 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0  decompiles the ENS registry contract
  dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e

[1] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/metadata.html for more informati
on regarding Metadata generated by the Solidity compiler.
[2] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#abi-json for more
information regarding the ABI specification.
[3] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#function-selector
for more information regarding Function Selectors
[4] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html for more information re
garding Yul.

Unknown argument: unknowncommand

```

```out display-metadata-from-JSON-bytecode
Contract Metadata
protocol ipfs
hash QmQaEuFFsAwGbKd51LPcsLkKD5NwsB8aAzg7KkRsjuhjf2
solc 0.8.21
url ipfs://QmQaEuFFsAwGbKd51LPcsLkKD5NwsB8aAzg7KkRsjuhjf2

```

```out run-dis-command-and-find-non-reacheable-chunk
   pc  opcode  push data (PUSHx)
0 : 
    0  PUSH1   0x01 
    2  PUSH1   0x02 
    4  ADD   
    5  PUSH1   0x0c 
    7  JUMP   
8 : unreachable
01020304
12 : 
   12  JUMPDEST   
   13  PUSH3   0xfffefd 
17 : 
   17  JUMPDEST   
   18  STOP   

```

```err catch-error-when-input-is-not-a-valid-hex-string
Error: Unable to decode, invalid hex byte 'ax' found at position '7'

```

```err log-debug-trace-when-NODE_DEBUG=sevm-is-set
SEVM <pid>: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open <addr>
SEVM <pid>: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open <addr>
SEVM <pid>: bad address checksum (argument="address", value="0x8Ba1f109551bD432803012645Ac136ddd64DBa72", code=INVALID_ARGUMENT, version=6.9.0)
Cannot find bytecode for contract 0x8Ba1f109551bD432803012645Ac136ddd64DBa72

```

```err catch-error-when-exec-self-destructed-contract
Bytecode for contract - is '0x', might have been self-destructed

```

Commit message:

Include `--patch/--no-patch` option in `sevm` CLI to let the user choose when to patch contract
Given CLI now depends on a network connection to fetch signatures,
positive `bin` tests use the `--no-patch` to avoid depending on a network connection.

test/__snapshots__/bin.snap.md, after:

# ::bin

```out exit-with-a-zero-code-using---help
sevm <cmd> <contract>

Commands:
  sevm metadata <contract>   Shows the Metadata of the contract[1]
  sevm abi <contract>        Shows the ABI of the contract[2]
  sevm selectors <contract>  Shows the function selectors of the contract[3]
  sevm dis <contract>        Disassemble the bytecode into Opcodes
  sevm cfg <contract>        Writes the cfg of the selected function in `dot` fo
                             rmat into standard output
  sevm sol <contract>        Decompile the contract into Solidity-like source
  sevm yul <contract>        Decompile the contract into Yul-like source[4]
  sevm config                Shows cache path used to store downloaded bytecode

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --color    Displays with colors, use `--no-color` to deactivate colors
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --patch    Patches the Contract public functions and events with signatures fr
             om https://openchain.xyz/, use `--no-patch` to skip patching
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]

Examples:
  sevm abi 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb299  shows the ABI of the ENS registry co
  7BA6C7d2e1e                               ntract
  sevm decompile 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0  decompiles the ENS registry contract
  dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e

[1] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/metadata.html for more informati
on regarding Metadata generated by the Solidity compiler.
[2] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#abi-json for more
information regarding the ABI specification.
[3] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#function-selector
for more information regarding Function Selectors
[4] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html for more information re
garding Yul.

```

```err exit-with-non-zero-code-on-unknown-flag
sevm <cmd> <contract>

Commands:
  sevm metadata <contract>   Shows the Metadata of the contract[1]
  sevm abi <contract>        Shows the ABI of the contract[2]
  sevm selectors <contract>  Shows the function selectors of the contract[3]
  sevm dis <contract>        Disassemble the bytecode into Opcodes
  sevm cfg <contract>        Writes the cfg of the selected function in `dot` fo
                             rmat into standard output
  sevm sol <contract>        Decompile the contract into Solidity-like source
  sevm yul <contract>        Decompile the contract into Yul-like source[4]
  sevm config                Shows cache path used to store downloaded bytecode

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --color    Displays with colors, use `--no-color` to deactivate colors
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --patch    Patches the Contract public functions and events with signatures fr
             om https://openchain.xyz/, use `--no-patch` to skip patching
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]

Examples:
  sevm abi 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb299  shows the ABI of the ENS registry co
  7BA6C7d2e1e                               ntract
  sevm decompile 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0  decompiles the ENS registry contract
  dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e

[1] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/metadata.html for more informati
on regarding Metadata generated by the Solidity compiler.
[2] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#abi-json for more
information regarding the ABI specification.
[3] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#function-selector
for more information regarding Function Selectors
[4] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html for more information re
garding Yul.

At least one command must be specified

```

```err exit-with-non-zero-code-on-unknown-command
sevm <cmd> <contract>

Commands:
  sevm metadata <contract>   Shows the Metadata of the contract[1]
  sevm abi <contract>        Shows the ABI of the contract[2]
  sevm selectors <contract>  Shows the function selectors of the contract[3]
  sevm dis <contract>        Disassemble the bytecode into Opcodes
  sevm cfg <contract>        Writes the cfg of the selected function in `dot` fo
                             rmat into standard output
  sevm sol <contract>        Decompile the contract into Solidity-like source
  sevm yul <contract>        Decompile the contract into Yul-like source[4]
  sevm config                Shows cache path used to store downloaded bytecode

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --color    Displays with colors, use `--no-color` to deactivate colors
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --patch    Patches the Contract public functions and events with signatures fr
             om https://openchain.xyz/, use `--no-patch` to skip patching
                                                       [boolean] [default: true]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]

Examples:
  sevm abi 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb299  shows the ABI of the ENS registry co
  7BA6C7d2e1e                               ntract
  sevm decompile 0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0  decompiles the ENS registry contract
  dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e

[1] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/metadata.html for more informati
on regarding Metadata generated by the Solidity compiler.
[2] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#abi-json for more
information regarding the ABI specification.
[3] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#function-selector
for more information regarding Function Selectors
[4] See https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html for more information re
garding Yul.

Unknown argument: unknowncommand

```

```out display-metadata-from-JSON-bytecode
Contract Metadata
protocol ipfs
hash QmQaEuFFsAwGbKd51LPcsLkKD5NwsB8aAzg7KkRsjuhjf2
solc 0.8.21
url ipfs://QmQaEuFFsAwGbKd51LPcsLkKD5NwsB8aAzg7KkRsjuhjf2

```

```out run-dis-command-and-find-non-reacheable-chunk
   pc  opcode  push data (PUSHx)
0 : 
    0  PUSH1   0x01 
    2  PUSH1   0x02 
    4  ADD   
    5  PUSH1   0x0c 
    7  JUMP   
8 : unreachable
01020304
12 : 
   12  JUMPDEST   
   13  PUSH3   0xfffefd 
17 : 
   17  JUMPDEST   
   18  STOP   

```

```err catch-error-when-input-is-not-a-valid-hex-string
Error: Unable to decode, invalid hex byte 'ax' found at position '7'

```

```err log-debug-trace-when-NODE_DEBUG=sevm-is-set
SEVM <pid>: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open <addr>
SEVM <pid>: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open <addr>
SEVM <pid>: bad address checksum (argument="address", value="0x8Ba1f109551bD432803012645Ac136ddd64DBa72", code=INVALID_ARGUMENT, version=6.9.0)
Cannot find bytecode for contract 0x8Ba1f109551bD432803012645Ac136ddd64DBa72

```

```err catch-error-when-exec-self-destructed-contract
Bytecode for contract - is '0x', might have been self-destructed

```
